# Text-mining-Russian-media
Project discription: 
This study examines how the Ukrainian conflict has changed the discourse structure (Van Dijk, 1985) in the Russian online media space. In this context, different types of media publications have been chosen as the channel and main source of informational styles (Thompson, 1987). This paper considers the representation strategies of political topics from different discourses in the space of Russian internet resources, for example, in various thematic online lifestyle and news media publications: men’s and women’s magazines, tabloids, lifestyle publications, and pro-governmental, stakeholder and oppositional publications. The research includes a time period of active conflict between the two countries from the beginning of the Maidan protests in September 2013 to events in October 2018. The news corpus collection was uploaded from the Integrum database and includes 4 sources and 120,005 articles, while the text corpus for lifestyle media comprises 15 sources and 2,719 articles. The use of topic modelling and discourse analysis revealed which topics are used or not included in the discourse by the media for the representation of Ukraine. The hypothesis suggests that Russian media resources use different linguistic strategies (style and topic selection) to represent Ukraine in their articles. This concept refutes the homogeneity of the media space and states that different information styles and media ideologies are significantly changing their conflict representation.  The analysis shows that the lifestyle media follows cultural language codes common to their audience, including political discourse about Ukraine through personal stories and issues, such as LGBT rights, popular culture and migration. The news media use the strategies of absent argumentations and quotes of those agents that reflect the ideological orientation of the publication in question. As a result, the study reveals how major political events affect the Russian media space through a media strategy of different topics selection discussed around a single event.

#Keywords: discourse, media, lifestyle, news, topic modelling, conflict
